Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- Which methods did you decide to `overload`, and why?
In the Library class I overlaoded the addTitle and removeTitle methods to include the author's name as one of the inputs. I decided to overload the addTitle method because some books have the same title but different authors. For large collections, it's important to have the ability to make the distinction between these books. This will allow users to enter a title or both a title and its author to checkout a book. I also overloaded the checkout and return methods to reflect the author input. 
In the Cafe class I overloaded the sellCoffee method to include a default coffee to reflect cases where someone just orders a coffee and doesn't specify any preferences. I also overloaded the restock method to only restock coffee, as this this is the item that will likely run out the quickest.
In the House class I overloaded the moveIn and isResident methods to reflect a floor number the resident lives on. This would be important if say someone in ResLife wanted to locate the dorm someone lived in (thus the reason for it being a private method).

- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?
This assignment was nice in that I was able to copy and paste my code from A6 which I knew worked (sorry for not completing the reflection/rubric) and ammend it to have more capabilities. I had attended TA hours for debugging help with A6 but was plesantly surprised to find that I was able to complete A7 on my own, figuring out bugs and coding errors. I'd definately recommend future students to show up to all classes as the posted slides aren't all that detailed and it's easy to miss a lot of vital information if you don't. You are able to look up things on Google like how to use certain methods but really understanding the breakdown of methods or techniques like overriding and overloading is really helpful for completing these assignments. I'd also suggest attempting the assignments before attending TA hours as that'd allow you to go with a couple questions but then you can also sit there and work on the assignments so if small questions come up you can access help right then and there. 
